---
layout: post
title:  "Home Page"
date:   2023-03-17 14:17:20 +0100
categories:
---

# Shellfish Courses

## Experience, Knowledge, Enjoyment.

### (all you ever wanted to know about shellfish but never dared to ask)
Learn how to harvest, handle, prepare and enjoy what nature has to offer
shellfish evenings 
Day or Weekend course
Courses taylor-made to your requirements


Go trap-fishing for Norway lobster (Nephrops norvegicus), Brown crab (Cancer pagurus)
and Lobster (Homarus gammarus)


* Learn how to harvest and prepare oysters and mussels
* Gather cockles, winkles and shallow-water shrimp
* Forage the beach and islands for edible plants, berries and mushrooms

When it comes to food from the sea in general, and shellfish in particular, the interest is often great, while the knowledge is usually small and the questions many.

In our courses we think we realize this interest,
share with us our collective knowledge,
and show how satisfying it is to harvest, handle, prepare and, not least,
enjoy what nature, and the sea In particular, has to offer.
The courses are intended for smaller groups, approx. 6 to 8 people,
but the arrangement is flexible and can be adapted to the number of gestures and wishes.
Of course, the weather is a factor we take into account and adapt to.
A weekend course can look like this;
Friday afternoon/evening
We gather in Strömstad for some teaching and supper,
either at the boathouse on Nötholmen,
In the fishing port houses our partners Strömstads Räkor,
or In the beautiful floor on Hiertegatan (see accommodation)
Teaching consists of visual material, lectures and discussions where we orient ourselves in the weekend's activities and get an overview of the species we will be working on.
It can be about biology/ecology, distribution and habitat, seasonal variations, etc.
What should we think about if we are going to harvest and eat different shellfish?
Are there different fishing methods and farming possibilities?
Is there a risk of toxins and other hazards?
The information must be accessible, reliable and interesting.
Seafood is served for supper,
for example Kosterfjord prawns (depending on availability)
On Saturday we go to the lake, whittle some crab/lobster tins,
pull links with lobster cages, or head out to the beautiful island of Sydlångö,
dock In the safe harbor and walk across the meadows and through the deciduous forest to the strait
where we pick oysters and other things!
We have a picnic with us, then we set up outside in nature or under cover, depending on the weather.
Then we walk across the island, along the beach, through forest and across the meadows
In search of edible species, plants, berries and mushrooms.
Eventually we leave Sydlångö for the boathouse on Nötholmen, about 20 minutes inland,

where we spend most of the day taking care of today's harvest,
compose the menu, prepare the delicious ingredients,
and enjoy a world-class meal together.
